The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
"Three Weeks Earlier"
"Planning Meeting for Provisional Licensing Exam"
"Heroes Public Safety Commission"
Ball throwing?
That seems too much like a game...
Is it really all right?
The real test will be how they deal
with the chaos caused by it.
We want to see if they will be able
to use their Quirks and make decisions
quickly and correctly in a crisis.
And it's the same for the second exam?
At this rate, we'll be evaluating
not their individual abilities,
but their ability to work in a group.
This was a proposal from
the National Police Agency--
A revision of the evaluation criteria
and requirements for granting licenses.
It's effectively an order.
Assuming that all examinees have knowledge
of basic emergency procedures and first-aid,
we were told to focus on
their attitudes toward cooperation.
Cooperation, huh?
This has become necessary.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
All Might was at the top in
everything--strength and charisma.
There was always a large gap
between him and the number two hero.
"Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame"
It will be hard to find someone
else as charismatic as him.
Rather than waiting for the next All Might,
we should fill that hole with an army
of heroes with a strong sense of unity.
"Heroes Public Safety Commission - Yokumiru Mera"
The proposal this time
is like a foothold into that.
The second test of the
provisional hero licensing exam...
Rescuing people who were
in a large-scale terrorist attack
and dealing with the villain behind the attack.
What's that?!
Rescuing and fighting!
Can you do everything at the same time?
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Gang Orca...!
During the League of Villains
search-and-destroy operation in Kamino Ward,
he was brought out among the ranks
of heroes like Endeavor and Best Jeanist.
He's strong, you know.
Villains have appeared
and started their pursuit!
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
Hero candidates at the scene
should continue their rescue efforts
while also suppressing the villains.
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
Continue rescue efforts while fighting?!
Jeez, are they serious?!
Aren't they expecting a little too much?!
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
"Pro Hero - Ms. Joke - Quirk: Outburst"
This situation would be
difficult even for a pro.
To go this far for the provisional license...
Now...
What'll you do?
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Fight, or protect?
"Inasa Yoarashi - Quirk: Whirlwind"
Help, or run?
What will you do, heroes?!
"What's the Big Idea?"
"Mountain Zone"
Villains?
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
Look, right in front of the first-aid station!
Oh, no!
I can't believe they'd
send out villains so close!
They're so mean!
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
There are still a lot of people to rescue here,
but we can't just ignore
what's going on over there...
Yeah...
For this second test, everyone starts
off with a certain number of points,
and then they're graded based
on how many they lose.
H.U.C. evaluates whether or not
they are acting properly in their rescue,
and besides that,
for example--
whether or not you've put yourself
in a position to best use your own Quirk--
looking at the big picture comprised of
the scoring manual and the examinees' data
are one hundred employees
of the Public Safety Commission
scoring each person individually.
Examinees fail when their
total score falls below fifty points.
"Fail"
Please do your best to make the right decisions.
Get everyone to safety!
Shindo?!
Toward the back!
"Yo Shindo - Quirk: Vibrate"
Get them as far away
from the villains as possible!
R-Right!
I'll keep hammering away at them
with tremors at one-second intervals!
I won't let them get close!
Not good enough.
Gang Orca...!
Is he going all out?
I wonder...
Shindo!
Only a single rear guard when
there's this much of a difference in ability?
Looks like you were underestimating us.
"Gang Orca - Quirk: Orcinus"
Gang Orca! Quirk: Orcinus.
He can do things an orca can do even on land.
One of those is an ultrasonic
wave attack that can paralyze!
Todoroki!
Midoriya, are you evacuating?
We'll help!
Todoroki's so fast!
Where were you guys?
By the water over there!
Everyone headed to the city first,
so we went where they didn't have enough people.
But after seeing the villains come out
in full force over here, we came to help!
Yaoyorozu and Asui are still
back there continuing the rescue.
An attack like this is nothing!
As expected of the number ten hero.
Wind...
Blow away...!
A villain attack?
You guys have prepared
some pretty hot developments!
That's the guy who turned down U.A.!
This is good. We should keep evacuating now
that the strong attackers have gathered!
Right!
Prioritizing the first-aid station--the
cornerstone of the rescue efforts--
That was very wise...
In fact, with their strong
all-encompassing Quirks,
Yoarashi and Todoroki were the best for the job.
"Provisional Licensing Exam"
"Second Test Scoring Sheet"
Good job!
To arrive at the same time as you...
I hate you guys.
That's my line.
Everything you say is a distraction.
Why don't you go help
with evacuating the first-aid station?
That works with your Quirk, right?
I'll take care of this.
Here they come.
Huh? What're they aiming at?
Why'd you use your flames?!
The heat makes the wind rise!
Because the ice was blocked earlier!
Didn't you do that on purpose?
Your wind blew away my flames!
You're the one who did it on purpose
to keep me from getting all the glory!
Huh? Why would I do that?!
Why wouldn't you?
I mean, you're the son of that Endeavor!
What the hell's been wrong
with you this whole time?!
My old man has nothing to do with it--
Cement Gun!
It'll harden up real fast and
make it hard for you to move.
This is outrageous! I can't believe
you two would start arguing here.
What do you mean,
it has nothing to do with him?
It definitely does!
To me, heroes are passionate!
With their passionate hearts,
they bring hope and inspiration to people!
Their passion comes through!
You're in the way.
Don't get in my way.
That's why it was a shock!
Because nothing came through
in those eyes except a cold, cold anger!
And then, at the entrance exam,
I saw you, and I knew
who you were immediately.
Because you...
You're in the way.
...had the exact same eyes!
The same...?
That's ridiculous.
I'm not the same as him.
That's enough. Stop listening to him.
What it comes down to is
that he's an Endeavor hater.
Focus on the test...
Don't lose your cool.
You've already overcome
your relationship with the old man.
No...
There's still some hate toward him...
This is no good... Focus on the test!
What are you doing
with a villain in front of you?
Man...
You and your dad are the only heroes
I won't accept no matter what!
The end!
Focus...
Again?!
You really are...
The wind's sending the flames...!
What... are you doing?!
"Shoto Todoroki"
"Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
"He has two Quirks: 'freezing' on his right half and 'flames' on his left half."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 1/11"
"Height: 176 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Soba (the kind that's not hot)"
"Gang Orca"
"Quirk: Orcinus"
"He can use his orca traits whether on land or in water."
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 10/29"
"Height: 202 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Strong People, Sea Bathing"
I've never been afraid of
anything, ever since I was a kid.
Oh, it's so fast and cool!
I like this bug!
I liked anything and everything.
That's why, the minute I knew
what a hero was, I was fired up.
Tackling crises in front of them
with everything they had--
That passion!
That's why I didn't like that hero.
Just that hero...
...with those eyes that seemed
to hate something far ahead of him.
He was the only thing that I hated.
Okay, the written test of the
recommendation entrance exam is over!
Next is the practical exam,
and last will be the interview!
You'll go six at a time for the practical.
Go to the exam location
when your number's called!
The exam will be a 3-kilometer race.
But it's a course that you won't
be able to finish if you just run.
Use your Quirks freely to reach the finish line!
The best hero school in Japan...
The most passionate high school
life in Japan is waiting for me!
Making a path of ice to move! He's fast!
I really didn't like his eyes,
but his abilities are super hot!
He'll probably be accepted.
Well, if I use this chance
to make friends with him,
maybe his eyes won't bother me anymore!
By a hair! Number 41 finishes first!
And it's three minutes faster
than the average for a normal year!
All right! I won!
But who knows what'll happen next time!
You're amazing!
Are you Endeavor's kid or something?
That's amazing!
Shut up.
I just have to pass this test.
I wasn't competing with you or anything.
He's not looking.
You're in the way.
It's like he hates something...
far ahead of him...
What... are you doing?!
Hard to believe they're from top schools.
It's too bad, but those two are probably...
A Quirk using wind...
That's right... He was in my way...
It was him... I'm sure of it...
Why didn't I remember him right away?
He's so loud and obnoxious...
I didn't really see him...
In order to reject that bastard...
I couldn't think about anything else...
...I forgot about you.
Whether that is a good thing or a bad thing...
Whether it is correct or not...
I just let it go without knowing for sure...
Is this where it comes back?
My past... and my blood...
I can't just bury it and forget about it, huh?
First...
I'll take care of the wind that's in the way!
Shoot!
Impact!
It's a teamwork play between us and the boss!
I'll harden up all the examinees nice and solid!
Oh, no! My control's...!
Hey!
You reap what you sow.
There was some distance between us,
so it wasn't as effective, huh?
While the boss is at it,
let's go mess up the evacuation shelter!
All right!
Shit...
Damn it...
What... are you doing?!
Seriously!
I've become what I hated.
The things I did in the past
caused this situation...
I...
...have to fix this!
Oh no, they're going to get through!
They're coming this way!
At this distance,
it'll be bad if I don't make a front line!
Get out of the way!
Shindo!
I thought you couldn't move
because of the orca's ultrasonic waves!
Well, my extremities are still pretty numb,
but sound waves and vibrations...
My brains get shaken pretty much
every day from the recoil of my own Quirk.
So I've built up some tolerance to them...
Anyway...
I was trying to get a surprise attack
in with that to begin with!
And then those two first years...!
His personality's...
I've stopped them.
Put 'em out of action!
Split up and get the
remaining injured to shelter!
Right!
Now...
Shall I take down that wind-user
and go help those guys?
Competing with each other in vain...
We're not compatible at all...
And we've got zero teamwork...
There's no way we could
beat a top hero like this.
If you feel the same way I do...
The heat makes the wind rise!
From the bottom...
...scoop it out!
I'm so numb that
I can't put any strength in it...
But...
...I have to do this!
With flames...
...and wind...
...we'll trap you!
Even though he didn't move his body...!
His power and accuracy have decreased,
but the paralysis didn't have enough effect.
He's able to just barely control his Quirk.
On the other hand,
Todoroki, who can't move at all,
is covering for Yoarashi's lack
of strength by adding his flames...
This won't make their
foolishness earlier disappear...
...but it's not bad.
The ground gets packed down after a storm.
They realized their mistake,
and they're trying to make up for it.
I don't dislike that kind of struggling.
Hey, behind you!
The boss is trapped by a spiral of flame!
Isn't this bad?
The boss is like an orca,
so he's super weak to drying out!
Forget the wind! Stop the flames!
What?!
Todoroki! He's using both his left and right...!
Simultaneous activation of left and right...
I need to practice more.
It slows me down.
If I can't move...
...then it doesn't matter!
Should we go back and help?
No, wait!
Smash...!
Defeat the villains!
Shoot! Shoot!
I'll borrow this!
Ojiro!
All the injured have been evacuated!
Reinforcements will be here soon!
The rescue of the H.U.C., who were on standby...
They just have three people
left before they're done...
The test will end at that point.
Do your best to hold them off until then.
I can sleep soon...!
Ojiro! Midoriya!
We're here to help!
Mow them all down at once!
Freeze them all in place!
Ribbit!
Asui--I mean, Tsu!
When'd you get there?!
I polished up my frog skills and finally
reached a level I could use in combat--
Camouflage! It's my new move.
Asui! Are you done with
the search and rescue already?
Pretty much.
Ribbit! Look out!
"Nagamasa Mora - Quirk: Extend-o-Hair"
Shiketsu High School!
I sent Inasa here,
but it's a disgrace on the Shiketsu
name for there to be so many left!
So strong!
Yes.
Let's go, too!
A hot wind prison of flame and wind, huh?
It's a good idea.
A normal villain would give up,
cry, and beg for forgiveness.
But what if they didn't?
After playing a hand, you need
to already be planning the next one.
Well? What's next?
Nothing.
Please get away from those two!
Midoriya!
You're... always...
Um, at this moment,
all the H.U.C. who were deployed
have been rescued from the danger zone.
Huh? Right now?
That was us, then!
It may seem arbitrary,
but with this, all the provisional licensing
exam procedures have been completed.
We're done?!
After we tally the scores,
we will announce the results here.
Those who were injured
should go to the infirmary.
The rest of you should change and then stand by.
Boss, sorry, we couldn't do our job...
These restraining protectors
really make it hard to move, huh?
No, even without the protectors,
the spiral of flame was excellent.
And with Midoriya's surprise attack
after the damage from drying out...
If the test had gone on longer...
Or...
Okay... Everyone,
thanks for all your hard work...
Now, I will announce the results,
but before that, I will tell
you about the scoring system.
Between those of us at the
Heroes Public Safety Commission and H.U.C,
we had a two-fold demerit system
we used while watching you.
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening" "Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
In other words, we were evaluating you
on how few mistakes you made
in a crisis situation.
Anyway, the names of those
who passed are listed in syllabary order.
Please check the list
keeping those words in mind.
"ba-dump ba-dump ba-dump"
Mi... Mi...
Mi...
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The exam ended, and that night,
I was suddenly called out by Kacchan.
What in the world does he want to talk about...?
Next time, "A Talk about Your Quirk."
"Next time: A Talk about Your Quirk"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!